# TAF
TAF
Automated software testing is a process in which software tools execute pre-scripted tests on asoftware application before it is released into production. Currently, there are many testautomation frameworks available such as Serenity, Robot Framework, RedwoodHQ, Sahi andGauge. These frameworks help Quality Assurance Engineers to solve different challenges insoftware test automation. However, these traditional test automation frameworks have commonissues such as the limited test budget for a project, high cost per test case and a large number oftest cases. Rather than using this kind of traditional approach, we can use a better solution suchas Cloud-based automation testing

Cloud-based automation testing is a form of software testing, which uses cloud computingenvironments such as cloud servers to simulate real-world user traffic. In Cloud testing, we usecloud infrastructure for software testing. There are many types of cloud-based software testinglike Stress testing, Load testing, Functional testing, Latency testing, Browser performance andCompatibility testing

Today large organizations and companies mainly use cloud-based automation testing becausethere are several challenges like limited test budget, meeting deadlines, high costs per test case, alarge number of test cases and geographical distribution in the test execution process.Among existing cloud automation frameworks, CloudTest and SOAtest are very popularframeworks. These frameworks mainly focus on API testing, performance testing and functionaltesting. However, in the software industry quality is the most important factor. So to maintain thequality of the software we need to put more attention on regression testing. But current existingframeworks failed support regression testing. This is a very serious issue that needs to beconsidered.

TAF is a new Cloud-based Universal Test Automation Framework that mainly focuses on regression testing. So it will greatly improve the quality and performance of the software. TAF will also build on testing methodology independence. This is going to be a huge advantage because TAF will be a Universal framework that supports both agile and waterfall testing methodologies. It’s going to be a very user-friendly Cloud-based Universal Test Automation framework with lots of new features and functionalities.

